Hackage candidates (#1403)
IntersectMBO/cardano-haskell-packages: README.md

You can tell the script to override the package version either by passing
the version explicitly or by adding a "revision number" (see below).

#### New packages

If this the first published version of the package, you will also need to create and upload a "Hackage candidate placeholder" for it. This is a dummy version of the package that is uploaded to Hackage as a candidate but never published there. This prevents unauthorized release of a Hackage package with the same name as the one on CHaP.

> Creating the placeholder is done for you automatically by `add-from-github.sh`, but you can also do it manually using `hackage-candidates/create-placeholders.sh`. Uploading is done using `hackage-candidates/upload-placeholders.sh`. Note that you will need Hackage uploading credentials, and will pass them to the script in an environment variable.

Reviewer: I think it will be nice to specify its name right away, so people don't have to dig for it or run the script to find out
```suggestion
Creating the placeholder is done for you automatically by `add-from-github.sh`, but you can also do it manually using `hackage-candidates/create-placeholders.sh`. Uploading is done using `hackage-candidates/upload-placeholders.sh`. Note that you will need Hackage uploading credentials, and will pass them to the script in a `HACKAGE_TOKEN` environment variable.
```

Author: Done
